Adding retirement message for SFBO search cmdlets (#8909)
MicrosoftDocs/office-docs-powershell: skype/skype-ps/skype/Clear-CsOnlineTelephoneNumberReservation.md

Use the `Clear-CsOnlineTelephoneNumberReservation` cmdlet to clear a reserved list of telephone numbers before they are acquired.
The telephone numbers will then be available for search and reservation again.

**Note**:

> As of April 30th the existing Skype for Business PowerShell Commandlets for Telephone Number Search and related activities will become end of life and will no long be available for use, the new Teams PowerShell Commandlets for Telephone Number Search and related activities are already available and can be found [here](https://docs.microsoft.com/powershell/module/teams/new-csonlinetelephonenumberorder?view=teams-ps).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As of April 30, 2022, the existing Skype for Business PowerShell cmdlet for telephone number search and related activities will be deprecated and will no long be available for use. The new Teams PowerShell cmdlet for telephone number search and related activities are already available. For more details, see [New-CsOnlineTelephoneNumberOrder](https://docs.microsoft.com/powershell/module/teams/new-csonlinetelephonenumberorder?view=teams-ps).
```

> As of April 30, 2022, the existing Skype for Business PowerShell cmdlets for telephone number search and related activities will be deprecated and will no long be available for use. The new Teams PowerShell cmdlets for telephone number search and related activities are already available. For more details, see [New-CsOnlineTelephoneNumberOrder](https://docs.microsoft.com/powershell/module/teams/new-csonlinetelephonenumberorder?view=teams-ps).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As of April 30, 2022, the existing Skype for Business PowerShell cmdlets for telephone number search and related activities will be deprecated and will no longer be available for use. The new Teams PowerShell cmdlets for telephone number search and related activities are already available. For more details, see [New-CsOnlineTelephoneNumberOrder](https://docs.microsoft.com/powershell/module/teams/new-csonlinetelephonenumberorder?view=teams-ps).
```
